# Welcome to the SteamLabs Chatbot Engine!

Click `Show` in the header to see your chatbot live. Updates to your code will instantly deploy and update live.

Remix and edit the code to get a different response from the engine!

Once remixed, enter your API key provided by Steamlabs. If you need an API key, visit us at [https://steamlabs.ca/contact/](https://steamlabs.ca/contact/).

Now, you can have a dialogue with any of the built in characters. You can also customize your engine to talk to more characters by adding additional movie scripts.

#### Add more movie characters...

1. Notice on the left bar menu, there is a folder called lines. In this folder is the _“Characters/”_ folder, in which Woody’s text lines from Toy Story are preloaded. Below are files “character2.txt”, “character3.txt”, “character4.txt”, here you can add your own movie character lines.

2. Visit google drive link provided by your instructor.

3. Select a movie of your choice.

4. Select the character you would like to speak to.

5. Copy all the script lines of that character.

6. Now, go back to this glitch site and paste those lines in the “character2.txt” file.

7. You can rename the file title, “character2.txt” to the actual character’s name for clarity.

8. You can always edit and add more lines to your character script to customize their response. Why not take it further? Try copying multiple characters into one .txt file to create a mashup of their personalities!

Want to experiment with the capabilities of a text generating AI? You can select a word from the script and the GPT-2 response engine will automatically generate text based on the rest of the movie line to substitute your selected word.

#### Replacing text in the movie script...

1. To allow the chatbot to generate new text in place of a particular word, put “{}” around the word. For example: _“Son of a building block! It's {Woody}!”_ will be changed to text/s generated by the chatbot. In this case, GPT-2 generated this text:

- Son of a building block! It's {Woody}!
- Son of a building block! It's ~~~~ you, so I guess I should be the one to ask you.
- Son of a building block! It's the one you need to look out for, right over my garden or whatever.

2. **IMPORTANT!** Text that you want to replace MUST be located at the end of the script line. For example:

3. For example:

- It’s ok. Everything’s under {control}.

#### Changing the language settings

1. To change the language settings first go into the main.js file.

2. Find the `language` variable at the top of the file and set it to one of the approved languages.

3. You can find all approved languages just above the language variables declaration.
